---
title: Humans Vs Zombies
category: events
tags: [scenarios, hvz]
layout: event
---

### Rules

First make sure you've read the [society rules](http://www.aberlag.com/rules/).
The exception to those rules is that - under all circumstances - melee weapons may not be used.

HvZ will take place Monday the 22nd (at 6am) to Sunday the 28th of October (at 6pm).

#### Tagging

- Zombies respawn 15 minutes after they've been tagged.
- Humans become a zombie within an hour of being tagged, unless told otherwise.
- Camping is defined as "blocking an entrance to a safe area, such that a player cannot enter or exit the area without an immediate risk of being tagged". Players who are camping may be shot at from inside the safe area, and may acquire other penalties from the moderators.

#### Survival

- Humans will have "supplies", each one lasting a single day. Attending a mission awards one day's worth of supplies. All humans start with 2 days worth, or 1 if they join during the event.
- Zombies will have "hunger" which will work the same way, but can also be added to by tagging players. Attending events will add a day to the 'hunger' meter, tagging a player will give half a day.
- The timer will always tick over at 6am - all players will lose 1 days worth of supplies or hunger, and any players then at zero will die.
- Dead players can rejoin by turning up to an event, but will lose any progress they made previously.

#### Markers

- Zombies will wear a headband, and humans will wear an armband. The marker must be visibly worn at all times, unless you are in a safe zone.
- You may only tag players wearing a marker - assume people without a marker are not playing.
- If you think a player is cheating by removing their marker, contact the moderators instead of acting as if they are in the game.

#### Safe Areas

- The game is permanently suspended in 'safe zones'. In these areas, blasters and other equipment should be concealed, and no players may be stunned or tagged. This is to avoid disruption to members of the public, and danger to anyone involved.
- All indoor areas (especially public areas such as cafeterias and shops) are safe zones.
- All dangerous areas (such as roads and vehicles) count as safe zones. Tags made in a dangerous area are immediately invalidated and should always be avoided.

#### Special Zombies

Zombies may become special zombies, either temporarily or for the entire game.

- *Armoured*: Allows the zombie to take two hits, not just one.
- *Spitter*: Can throw sockballs (or any other legal thrown item).
- *Horde*: Mobile spawn point for all zombies. Horde zombies are also Armoured - they take two hits to kill - and cannot run, only walk.

#### Cures

Humans may collect cures, which can cure another human if used before they mutate. They can be used only once, and must be used on another player (i.e. not the player carrying the cure). Cures take at least 10 seconds to apply - during which the player being cured and the player applying the cure cannot move.

Unlike the previous game, they must be used in person.

### Achievements

- *Rambo*: Save a group of trapped humans without getting tagged.
- *Terminator*: Make cheesy one-liners throughout the event.
- *The Winchester*: Hide from zombies inside a bar.
- *Survivalist*: Complete the game as a human with 2 supplies left.
- *DENIED*: Tag a human within 1 hour of the game ending.

#### Equipment

- *Overcompensating*: Be equipped with over 2 meters of blasters (i.e. not in a bag).
- *Double the Pleasure*: Dual wield identical blasters.
- *James Bond*: Use nothing but a pistol type blaster and survive at least 3 days.
- *Pacifist*: Never use a weapons.

#### Tags

- *Ubermensch*: Tag more than five players in less than 5 hours.
- *The Almighty*: Tag more than 10 players in one day
- *A shot from nowhere*: Tag a player who is unaware of your presence
- *Cover me, I'm reloa-AAAHHHH*: Get tagged while changing clips.

#### The Virus

- *Patient Zero*: Get infected on the first day.
- *I won't go down that easy*: Have a cure used on you after being tagged by a zombie.
- *Best Friends Forever*: Sacrifice yourself to a zombie to save someone else.
- *The answer to infection* - Survive the game.
