---
title: Red vs Blue vs Zombies
category: events
tags: [scenarios, hvz, rvb]
layout: event
---

### The Situation

A localised zombie outbreak has occurred - the first appearance of a potentially new zombie strain - and essential research staff and other VIPs are now in damager. Two special operations teams - codenamed Red and Blue - from competing companies have been sent in to recover these VIPs and retrieve the new strain for research.

### The Rules

Follow the [AberLAG rules](http://www.aberlag.com/rules/), as well as the rules specific to this event.

#### Identification

All players must wear armbands or headbands marking the team they are in.

#### Tagging and Turning

+ **Human** players tagged by a **human** become inactive humans.
+ **Human** players tagged by a **zombie** (by touching) are turned into inactive zombies (see below).
+ **Zombie** players tagged by a **human** (with a dart or sock) become inactive zombies.
+ **Inactive** humans and zombies go back to being active players after 5 minutes (with some exceptions, see the special zombies below). While inactive, players may not interfere with the game in any way.

### The Missions

1. Reach the forward base near the location of the outbreak by 13:00.
2. Rescue as many of the VIPs as possible, and bring them back *alive*.
3. Destroy as many of the new zombies as possible, retrieving some of their DNA for further research.

#### Mission 1: Establish a Base

Each team will have a **drop point** to arrive at within a half-hour timeframe (between 12:30 and 13:00) - each player that does so will earn their team a point. At the location will be a moderator, who will tell you the location of the next moderator. The next moderator will tell you the location of the base, which will be the meeting point and safe zone between each mission and at the end of the game.

The two drop points are show by the pin markers on this map: http://goo.gl/maps/eqJdK

#### Mission 2: Rescue

There will be several VIPs in the area that you must rescue if possible. Teams will be given details of an approximate location and a time they can expect the VIP to be there. Each VIP will provide some bonus to the team, but only once they have been returned safely to the base. Zombies cannot attack a VIP until they have been found by one of the human players. If the VIPs are not found, they will will return to the base and count as having been infected.

- **Scientists** will provide information on the new strain of zombies. They won't bring anything more than a pistol, if anything.
- **Soldiers** will fight alongside your team, until they are killed. They will not fight other humans unless they are attacked by them, and if they are infected they are likely to come back as a stronger zombie (2 hits).

#### Mission 3: Search and Destroy

Several zombies of a new strain have been spotted in the area, and have been assigned a codename of "**Necromancers**". They are usually seen alongside **Spitters**. Both teams will have a limited time to harvest as many of the Necromancers as possible - each harvested Necromancer earns the team 5 points.

**Spitters** can throw socks to tag human players. Any human tagged by a Spitter is *stunned*, and cannot move from their location for 10 seconds. They have 3 hitpoints. Spitters stay dead for a minimum of 30 seconds (even Necromancers cannot bring them back to life during this time). Once their Necromancer is dead they go back to being a normal zombie (and do get respawned by the Necromancers death).

**Necromancers** can touch any human or inactive zombie in order to instantly turn them into an active zombie. The exception to this is the Spitter zombies, which cannot be turned back into an active zombie for at least 30 seconds. Each of them is paired with a Spitter zombie - while this zombie is both alive and close to them (within 5 meters), the Necromancer cannot be injured. They have 2 hitpoints.

When a Necromancer dies, all zombies around it are brought back to life, and the humans have 2 minutes within which they must 'harvest' the Necromancer. Any human can do this by asking the Necromancer for it's codeword (and remember, dead players and zombies cannot pass on information).

### Scoring

At the end of the final mission, all players (both human and zombie) will return to the base and the scores will be worked out.

Human teams will score points at the end for:

- Reaching the drop point on time (1 point per player)
- Being the first team to find and talk to each NPC (1 point)
- Returning an NPC to their base (1 point)
- Keeping the NPC alive till the end of the game (1 point)
- Returning the codeword from a Necromancer to the moderators at the end of the game (5 points)

The Red and Blue teams fail, and the Zombies win, if more than 80% of the humansor all of the VIPs become zombies, or if none of the Necromancers are harvested.

### TLDR

Rules to long? Time to short? Here you go:

+ 3 Missions:
  + Find the base.
  + Rescue the VIPs.
  + Kill the special zombies.
+ Tagging - inactive players become active after 5 minutes:
  + Human vs human: inactive human.
  + Human vs zombie: inactive zombie.
  + Zombie vs human: inactive zombie.
+ Non-Player Characters (1 point for each of: finding them, getting them to the base, keeping them alive till the end):
  + Scientists give information.
  + Soldiers fight with you.
+ Special zombies (3 points for each harvested Necromancer):
  + Spitters can stun you, stopping you from moving for 10 seconds; they have 3 hitpoints.
  + Any player touched by a Necromancer instantly becomes an active zombie; Necromancers have 2 hitpoints but are invulnerable until the spitter they are paired with is dead.
  + A dead Necromancer can be 'harvested' by asking for it's codeword.

