---
title: Red vs Blue
category: events
tags: [scenarios, rvb]
layout: event
---

### The Situation

The strain between Radman Enforcement Divisions & Bellman-Livermore Univerisal Enterprises has become too much. It is war. Your goal as an operative is simple: eliminate the competition and become the last company trading. Your rivals may strike in any way at any time, so keep your stock ticking over, your finger on the FTSE, and let the hostile takeover begin.

### The Rules

Follow the [AberLAG rules](http://www.aberlag.com/rules/), as well as the rules specific to this event.

#### Identification

- All players must wear the armband of their respective team. The marker must be visibly worn at all times, unless you are in a safe zone.
- You may only tag players wearing a marker - assume people without a marker are not playing. If you need to be temporaily out of the game (e.g carrying heavy or expensive equipment) take the bandanna off.
- If you think a player is cheating by removing their marker, contact the moderators instead of acting as if they are in the game.

#### Tagging

- A 'tag' occurs when a player is hit by a dart. They then become inactive players until the next day (starting at midnight).

#### Safe Areas

- The game only takes place on campus, and only in outside areas.
- In any other areas, blasters and other equipment should be concealed, and no players may be stunned or tagged. This is to avoid disruption to members of the public, and danger to anyone involved.
- Gameplay also counts as suspended in all dangerous areas (such as roads and vehicles). Tags made in a dangerous area are immediately invalidated and should always be avoided.


### The Mission

To be added soon.

### Scoring

To be added soon.

### Sign-Ups

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/embeddedform?formkey=dGw5NDVLb1AtTlgtcFFrM2RqckphNmc6MQ" width="760" height="500" frameborder="1" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>
