---
title: Red Vs Blue Vs Zombies
category: events
tags: [scenarios, hvz, rvb]
layout: event
---

### The Situation

A localised zombie outbreak has occured - the first appearance of a potentially new zombie strain - and essential reasearch staff and other VIPs are now in danager. Two special operations teams - codenamed Red and Blue - from competing companies have been sent in to recover these VIPs and retrive the new strain for research.

### The Rules

Follow the [AberLAG rules](http://www.aberlag.com/rules/), as well as the rules specific to this event.

#### Identification

All players must wear armbands or headbands marking the team they are in.

#### Tagging and Turning

+ Human players tagged (touched) by a zombie are turned into inactive zombies.
+ Zombie players tagged (with a dart or sock) by a human player are turned into inactive zombies.
+ Inactive zombies become normal zombies after 5 minutes (with some exceptions, see the special zombies below).

### The Mission

1. Establish a forward base near the location of the outbreak.
2. Rescuse as many of the VIPs as possible, and bring them back *alive*.
3. Destroy as many of the new zombies as possible, retriving some of their DNA for further research.

#### Mission 1: Establish a Base

There will be 2 potential bases on the campus, each providing a diffrent bonus. This will be your teams base of operations - you'll need to return the rescued staff and DNA here.

#### Mission 2: Rescue

There will be serveral VIPs in the area that you must rescue if possible. Teams will be given details of an approximate location and a time they can expect the VIP to be there. Each VIP will provide some bonus to the team, but only once they have been returned safely to the base. Zombies cannot attack a VIP until they have been found by one of the human players.

- Scientists will provide information on the new strain of zombies.
- Soldiers will fight alongside your team, until they are killed. They will not fight other humans unless they are attacked by them, and if they are infected they are likley to come back as a stronger zombie (2 hits).
- Saints will help defend your team. 

#### Mission 3: Search and Destroy

Several zombies of a new strain have been spotted in the area, and have been assigned a codename of "Necromancers". 

**Spitters** can throw socks to tag human players. Any human tagged by a Spitter is **stunned**, and cannot move from their location for 10 seconds. They have 3 hitpoints.

**Necromancers** can touch any human or inactive zombie in order to instantly turn them into an active zombie. Each of them is paired with a Spitter zombie - while this zombie is both alive and close to them (within 5 meters), the Necromancer cannot be injured. They have 2 hitpoints.

When a Necromancer dies, all zombies around it are brought back to life, and the humans have 2 minutes within which they must 'harvest' the Necromancer. Any human can do this by asking the Necromancer for it's codeword (and remember, dead players and zombies cannot pass on information).

### Scoring

Both teams will score points at the end for:

- Being the first team to find and talk to each NPC (1 point)
- Returning an NPC to their base (1 point)
- Keeping the NPC alive till the end of the game (1 point)
- Returning the codeword from a Necromancer to the moderators at the end of the game (3 points)

The Zombies win if they manage to turn more than 75% of the humans, or all of the VIPs.
